Updates and clarifications in deployment models doc (#8487)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/deployment/deployment-models/index.md

this DNS lookup, based on the configured `Service` definitions.

Istio uses the virtual IP returned by the DNS lookup to load balance
accross the list of active endpoints for the requested service, taking into account any
Istio configured routing rules.
Istio uses either Kubernetes `Service`/`Endpoint` or Istio `ServiceEntry` to
configure its internal mapping of hostname to workload IP addresses.

This two-tiered naming system becomes more complicated when you have multiple
clusters. Istio is inherently multicluster-aware, but Kubernetes is not
(today). Because of this, the client cluster must have a DNS entry for the
service in order for the DNS lookup to succeed, and a request to be
successfully sent. This is true even if there are no instances of that
service's pods running in the client cluster.

To ensure that DNS lookup succeeds, you must deploy a Kubernetes `Service` to
each cluster that consumes that service. This ensures that regardless of
where the request originates, it will pass DNS lookup and be handed to Istio
for proper routing.
This can also be achieved with Istio `ServiceEntry`, rather than Kubernetes

> `Service`. However, a `ServiceEntry` does not configure the Kubernetes DNS server

Reviewer: I'm not sure that the new wording in this paragraph is an improvement. The sentence seems like a bit long-winded.

Author: I guess that's true, I split it into two sentences again.

  Kubernetes. There is also work in progress to build layers of `MCS` support
  into Istio, which would allow Istio to work with any cloud vendor `MCS`
  controller or even act as the `MCS` controller for the entire mesh.

> While `Admiral` is available today, the Istio and Kubernetes communities are

Reviewer: Why remove this last sentence and not just update it?

Author: My reasoning is that the above sentences already make it clear that both Istio and Kubernetes are actively building solutions, and I don't think we really want to over hype Admiral, since it's not really a great solution.

Reviewer: ok I'm fine removing it.

A cluster like this one, with its own local control plane, is referred to as
a {{< gloss >}}primary cluster{{< /gloss >}}.

> Multicluster deployments can also share control plane instances. In this case,

Reviewer: This paragraph now seems like it's talking about two separate things at once (primary and remote). The old wording intentionally tried to describe in entirety the concept of primary clusters before mentioning remotes. I think that's a better approach in general, since it stays on topic. Perhaps subsections would help, where we first talk about primaries and then remotes?

Author: That was intentional. The section is talking control planes in multicluster configurations, which are comprised of two kinds of clusters. First define the terms with the pictures, then talk about how they work. 

I had considered splitting the rest (after the overview) into separate sections, but concluded there wasn't really enough material to justify it.

Reviewer: I actually think it might be worth it. The remote section can talk about how to connect to a primary. Maybe give it a try and see if it works?

Author: Looking at it, this section won't flow well with subsections. Let's leave it as is for now. We can reconsider next time we reorg this doc 😄

    caption="A service mesh with a primary and a remote cluster"
    >}}

To support remote clusters in a multicluster mesh, the control plane in

> a primary cluster must be made accessible to them. For clusters spanning networks,

Reviewer: Accessibility is only true for multi-network. For single network, it's about having a load balanced IP address for the control plane (so we don't have to use pod IP which is not stable).

> a primary cluster must be made accessible to them. For clusters spanning networks,

Author: How about:
```suggestion
a primary cluster must be accessable via a stable IP (e.g., a cluster IP). For clusters spanning networks,
```

Reviewer: lgtm

This model affords the following benefits:

- Improved availability: If a control plane becomes unavailable, the scope of
  the outage is limited to only workloads in clusters managed by that control plane.

- Configuration isolation: You can make configuration changes in one cluster,
  zone, or region without impacting others.

- Controlled rollout: You have more fine-grained control over configuration

>   rollout, for example, to canary configuration changes in a sub-section of the mesh

Reviewer: The new wording seems less clear to me.

Author: I was trying to eliminate duplication, it talked about the same things here and earlier, so I combined them. Maybe it just needs a little more detail now? How about:
```suggestion
  rollout (e.g., one cluster at a time). You can also canary configuration changes in a sub-section of the mesh
```

Reviewer: Sure that works.

  controlled by a given primary cluster.

> - Selective service visibility: You can restrict service visibility to part

Reviewer: Why did you remove the example in this bullet?

Author: I thought its TMI for this doc, but can add it back if you feel strongly about it.

Reviewer: It helps to illustrate what we mean by `restricting service visibility`, I think it's probably useful.

Author: added
